Trust me trust me trust me...
Baby I wanna be with you
I was me, trust me, trust me, yeah...
I'm here   Because we're near
Call me   Because I'm here
Trust me   Don't be afraid anymore
My dear   That invisible thread
Trust me   Because we're connected
I just feel this warmth
The voice of your heart can be properly heard
There is definitely a love here that hasn't changed
I wish you'd try crying
I wish you'd try to trust others
You decided to stop it all
I'm here   Wherever
Call me   We can become one
Trust me   you can't undo these memories
My dear   The baggage you carried
Trust me   It's okay to put it down
That's right, I'm here for you
I'm here   Because we're near
Call me   Because I'm here
Trust me   Don't be afraid anymore
My dear   That invisible thread
Trust me   Because we're connected
It's fine to feel the heart's warmth